if you have a hard time listening Two people, whether their peers or subordinates
or even superiors. Hopefully, that's not the case. Um, you
know, if you have the luxury of it, one thing you could potentially
do you have someone come with you or be with you to listen to these
things? Uh, so let's say if a subordinate has a problem, they want
to come to you to talk about it. Uh, you might want to bring in your
chief for senior chief or whoever works for in that capacity toe.
Listen as well. And then maybe you can give the subordinate good answer
to begin with. But at least you have someone else who is listening
that can give you a different perspective on, Really, Perhaps maybe
to understand what they're saying Or, you know, they could put a
different framework or something like that. Said it could be one strategy
that could help you